So now let's discuss
how we can generate keys to sign the URLs with CloudFront.
And there are two types of signers
and the new recommended way is to use a trusted key group.
And the idea is that I'll show you the hands-on in a second.
We can leverage the APIs to create and rotate these keys.
And we can leverage IAM for API security
around the management of these key group and the API key,
the public keys in this key group.
The other method that was originally supported
in the first one that existed
was to use an account that contains a CloudFront key pair.
But for this, to manage this key pair,
we need to use the root account credentials
as well as the AWS console, which is not recommended
because you shouldn't use the root account for this.
And also you cannot automate anything
because there are no APIs
to manage this platform key pair.
So the recommended way now is users trusted key group.
So just so you know.
So we can create one or more trusted key group
in our CloudFront distribution.
Then we generate our own public and private key.
The private key will be used by your applications.
For example, your EC2 instances to sign your URLs.
Whereas the public key that is going to be
uploaded by CloudFront
will be used to verify the signature of these URLs.
So let me just show you in the interface,
the console where these options are.
So let's have a look at key managements for CloudFront.
And on the left hand side,
I have public keys and key groups.
So let me click on public keys.
So the idea is that we want to generate an RSA key,
so a private key and a public key,
and the private key will go on my EC2 instances
and the public key will go on CloudFront.
And this will allow my EC2 instances
to use the platform API, to create signed URLs.
So first we need to generate this key.
So I will type in generates RSA key online,
2,048 bit.
Let's take the first website for example.
I'm going to choose a key size of 2,048 bits.
This is very important.
And generate these new keys.
And I need to wait about three seconds for me at least.
And so we have a private key part and a public key part.
So the private key is what would be
used by your EC2 instances to generate this URL.
This is something you want to keep secret and keep private,
and you would save it somewhere, securely.
And that the public key can actually be regenerated
from the private key if you ever needed to.
But the public key is what we will send into CloudFront.
So back into CloudFront for my public key,
that will create a public key.
Call this one demo key.
And then for the key itself,
I'm going to just paste what I have obtained
as a public key from the websites.
And now the public key has been successfully created.
If you get any errors,
just make sure that you are using a 2,048 bits.
And if the first key doesn't work,
just click on generate new keys one more time
to generate a key of 2,048 bits.
So now that we have our public key being created,
what I can do is I can create a key group.
And so I will create a demo key group.
And in this group I can add up to five public keys.
So I'll just add the one I just created.
And that this key group
is what will be referenced by CloudFront
to allow our users, our CE2 instances, for example,
to create signed URLs.
So something to note is that I'm logged in
as the root user of my account,
but any IAM user with a sufficient permissions
could create public keys and key groups within CloudFront.
But I can also show you the old way of doing things
for adding keys into CloudFront.
So as you can see, I'm logged in as my root account
and it's necessary.
And let me go to the AWS management console
and from here, click on my accounts
and my security credentials.
So this is something you're doing from your root accounts.
And as you can see, there's a CloudFront key pair section.
And this is how you would use CloudFront
to create signed URLs the old way.
The new recommended way is definitely to use
what we've been showing before,
which was using the key groups in CloudFront.
But if you want to see how the old way was happening,
we had to login using the root accounts.
Then we would create a new key pair
or upload our own key pair.
So let's create a new key pair.
Then we will download the private key file
and then download the public key file
and click on close.
Now this key would be added
and that we could make it active,
inactive, or deleted if we wanted to.
But this would apply to any CloudFront distributions
and we will need to create,
and to give these private keys to our EC2 instances.
But this is not as secure,
and this can only be done by the root account.
So definitely from an exam perspective,
the new way of doing things is absolutely
to use the CloudFront service
and the capability that allows any of the IAM user to do it,
which is using public keys and key groups.
So that's it for this section.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.